Update Titles and headings section with expanded guidance (#587)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/style_guidelines/formatting.adoc

[[titles-and-headings]]
== Titles and headings

Use the following guidelines when writing titles and headings:

* Write all titles and headings, including the titles of product documentation guides and Knowledgebase articles, in sentence-style capitalization. Do not use headline-style capitalization.
* Focus your headings on user jobs and outcomes. Begin with user intent and then explain how the product fulfills the intended purpose.
* Use imperative verbs for procedural and task-based content. Do not use gerunds (-ing forms). Imperatives are more direct, translate more consistently, and better map to task sequences. Do not mix imperatives and gerunds.
* For concept and reference topics, use nouns or noun phrases. Do not use "Understanding" or "Understand" to begin a concept or reference topic.
* Avoid generic titles such as "Introduction," "About," or "Overview." Instead, use descriptive keywords that clearly define the specific task or subject.
* Keep headings between 3 and 11 words (approximately 60-75 characters) to ensure scannability and findability. Titles that exceed 60-75 characters are often truncated in search engine results.

> Don't change any gerund-based headings and titles until after you have converted the content into a Jobs to Be Done format.

Author: ```suggestion
Do not change any gerund-based headings and titles until after you have converted the content into a Jobs to Be Done format.
```
